1. Addiction - a state of physiological or psychological dependence on a potentially harmful drug

2. Adultery - voluntary sexual relations between a married person and somebody other than his or her spouse

3. Aggression - threatening behavior or actions

4. Alcoholism - dependence on alcohol consumption to an extent that adversely affects social and work-related functioning and produces withdrawal symptoms when intake is stopped or greatly reduced

5. Anger - a strong feeling of grievance and displeasure

6. Antagonism - hostility or hatred causing opposition and ill will

7. Arrogance - the act of feeling or showing self-importance and contempt or disregard for others

8. Avarice - an unreasonably strong desire to obtain and keep money

9. Bias - an unfair preference for or dislike of something

10. Bigotry - when somebody with strong opinions, especially on politics, religion, or ethnicity, who refuses to accept different views

11. Boastfulness - to refer immodestly to possessions or achievements

12. Bragging - to talk with excessive pride about an achievement or possession

13. Brutality - unrelentingly harsh and severe; extremely ruthless or cruel

14. Callousness - showing no concern that other people are or might be hurt or upset

15. Chauvinism - unreasoning, overenthusiastic, or aggressive loyalty to a particular gender, group, or cause

16. Cheating - to deceive or mislead somebody, especially for personal advantage

17. Conceit - a high opinion of your own qualities or abilities, especially one that is not justified

18. Condescension - behavior that implies that somebody is graciously lowering himself or herself to the level of people less important or intelligent

19. Corruption - dishonest exploitation of power for personal gain; extreme immorality or depravity

20. Covetousness - to have a strong desire to possess something that belongs to somebody else

21. Cowardice - an absence of courage

22. Crabbiness - a disposition to be ill-tempered; irritable in character

23. Crankiness - disagreeable and easily irritated or annoyed

24. Craziness - not showing good sense or practicality; one affected by a psychiatric disorder

25. Cruelty - deliberately and remorselessly causing pain or anguish; bringing about pain and distress

26. Cupidity - greed, especially for money or possessions

27. Decadence - a state of uninhibited immoral self-indulgence

28. Deceitfulness - intentionally misleading or fraudulent

29. Dementedness - completely unreasonable or lacking any sense of the consequences of actions taken; affected by the loss of intellectual functions

30. Depressive - to make somebody feel very sad or hopeless

31. Despairing - somebody that makes somebody else feel hopeless or exasperated; to feel there is no hope

32. Discourtesy - behavior or an action that is bad-mannered or impolite

33. Dishonesty - the use of lies or deceit, or the tendency to be deceitful

34. Disloyalty - a lack of loyalty to a person, vow, organization, or state

35. Disrespect - total contempt; to treat another with disregard

36. Doubt - to feel unconvinced or uncertain about something, or think that something is unlikely

37. Egoism - the practice of making personal welfare and interests a primary or sole concern, sometimes at the expense of others

38. Envy - the resentful or unhappy feeling of wanting somebody else’s success, good fortune, qualities, or possessions

39. Erratic - not predictable, regular, or consistent, especially in being likely to depart from expected standards at any time

40. Extremism - the holding of radical political or religious views or the taking of extreme actions on the basis of those views

41. Faithlessness - not believing in a religious faith; not to be trusted or relied on

42. Falseness - done with or having the intention of deceiving somebody; treacherous

43. Fanaticism - a holder of extreme or irrational enthusiasms or beliefs, especially in religion or politics

44. Fearfulness - nervous and easily frightened

45. Foolishness - showing, or resulting from, a lack of good sense or judgment

46. Fussiness - an irritable petulant feeling; unnecessary elaborateness in details

47. Glumness - quietly melancholic or miserable; gloomy ill-tempered

48. Gluttony - the act or practice of eating and drinking to excess; to do anything to the point of wastefulness

49. Greed - an overwhelming desire to have more of something such as money than is actually needed

50. Grouchiness - easily upset; angry; tending to complain; habitually bad-tempered and irritable person

51. Grumpiness - a fussy and eccentric disposition; bad-tempered or sullen

52. Hastiness - to do things or act in a hurry because of impetuosity or lack of time

53. Hatred - a feeling of intense hostility towards somebody or something

54. Haughtiness - behaving in a superior, condescending, or arrogant way

55. Heartlessness - having or showing no pity or kindness

56. Hedonism - a devotion, especially a self-indulgent one, to pleasure and happiness as a way of life

57. Hubris - excessive pride or arrogance

58. Hypocrite - somebody who pretends to have admirable principles, beliefs, or feelings but behaves otherwise

59. Hysteria - being impossible to hold back or control; to be afflicted with a state of extreme or exaggerated emotion such as excitement or panic, especially among large numbers of people

60. Idiocy - extreme lack of intelligence or foresight

61. Idleness - lazy and unwilling to work

62. Impatience - tending to be annoyed at being kept waiting or by being delayed; unable to tolerate a particular thing and easily annoyed by it

63. Impetuosity - to act on the spur of the moment, without considering the consequences

64. Inanity - meaninglessness or senselessness that suggests a lack of understanding or intelligence

65. Incompetence - lacking the skills, qualities, or ability to do something properly

66. Indolence - lethargic and not showing any interest or making any effort

67. Infidelity - unfaithfulness or disloyalty, especially to a sexual partner

68. Inflexibility - firmly established and impossible to change; adhering firmly and stubbornly to a viewpoint or principle

69. Injustice - unfair or unjust treatment of somebody, or an instance of this

70. Insanity - extreme foolishness, or an act that demonstrates such foolishness

71. Insolence - showing a malicious or aggressive lack of deference in speech or behavior; the quality of being boldly rude or disrespectful

72. Intemperance - having or showing a lack of self-control, especially in expressing feelings or satisfying physical desires

73. Irritability - easily annoyed or exasperated; extremely sensitive, especially to aggravation

74. Jealousy - to feel bitter and unhappy because of another’s advantages, possessions, or luck; to feel suspicious about a rival’s or competitor’s influence, especially in regard to a loved one

75. Languor - a pleasant feeling of weariness or weakness; listlessness and indifference in speech or behavior

76. Lavishness - given or produced in abundance or to excess

77. Laziness - unwilling to do any work or make an effort

78. Lethargy - a state of physical slowness and mental dullness resulting from tiredness, disease, or drugs

79. Lewdness - inclined to, characterized by, or inciting to lust or lechery; lascivious; obscene or indecent; salacious

80. Liar - someone who does not tell the truth

81. Licentiousness - pursuing desires aggressively and selfishly, unchecked by morality, especially in sexual matters

82. Lunacy - behavior that is regarded as unintelligent, inconsiderate, or misguided, or an example of it

83. Lust - the strong physical desire to have sex with somebody, usually without associated feelings of love or affection

84. Madness - rash or thoughtless behavior

85. Malice - the intention or desire to cause harm or pain to somebody; or to wish for someone to feel pain

86. Manipulative - using clever, devious ways to control or influence somebody or something

87. Melancholic - feeling or tending to feel a thoughtful or gentle sadness

88. Mercilessness - very harsh in the judgment and treatment of others; showing no compassion toward somebody or something; to continue at a high level of violence or unpleasantness without pause or relief

89. Moroseness - deep sadness; showing a brooding ill humor

90. Moodiness - having temperamental and changeable moods; tending to change mood unpredictably from cheerful to bad-tempered

91. Murderous - capable of, guilty of, or likely to commit murder

92. Narcissism - excessive self-admiration and self-centeredness; overestimation of one’s own appearance and abilities and an excessive need for admiration

93. Obduracy - stubbornly persistent in wrongdoing; not repentant

94. Obsessive - a particular action or thing occupies one’s thoughts constantly and exclusively; worrying compulsively about something or things generally

95. Obstinacy - stubbornly adhering to an opinion, purpose, or course, usually with implied unreasonableness

96. Offensiveness - causing anger, resentment, or moral outrage, sometimes to the point of physical repugnance

97. Perversion - deviating greatly from what is accepted as right, normal, or proper, relating specifically to sexual activities considered unusual or unacceptable

98. Petulance - ill-tempered or sulky in a peevish manner

99. Pitilessness - showing no mercy or compassion for the suffering of others

100. Pomposity - an excessive sense of self-importance, usually displayed through exaggerated seriousness or stateliness in speech and manner

101. Pride - a haughty attitude shown by somebody who believes, often unjustifiably, that he or she is better than others

102. Prejudice - an unfounded hatred, fear, or mistrust of a person or group, especially one of a particular religion, ethnicity, nationality, sexual preference, or social status

103. Preposterousness - going very much against what is thought to be sensible or reasonable

104. Pretentiousness - acting as though more important or special than is warranted, or appearing to have an unrealistically high self-image

105. Profligacy - extremely extravagant or wasteful

106. Promiscuity - behavior characterized by casual and indiscriminate sexual intercourse, often with many people

107. Rage - sudden and extreme anger

108. Rashness - acting with, resulting from, or characteristic of thoughtless, impetuous behavior

109. Recklessness - marked by a lack of thought about danger or other possible undesirable consequences

110. Resentfulness - annoyed or bitter about having been badly treated, or characterized by such a feeling of annoyance

111. Rowdiness - a rough and noisy person who often causes disturbances

112. Rudeness - disagreeable or discourteous in manner or action; offensive to accepted standards of decency

113. Ruthlessness - having or showing no pity or mercy

114. Secrecy - unwillingness to reveal information

115. Self-importance - an unrealistically high evaluation of your own importance or worth

116. Self-indulgence - lack of self-control in pursuing your own pleasure or satisfaction

117. Self-pity - the self-indulgent belief that your life is harder and sadder than everyone else’s

118. Selfishness - concerned with your own interests, needs, and wishes while ignoring those of others

119. Senselessness - apparently or really without purpose or meaning; demonstrating a lack of reason and intelligence

120. Short-Sightedness - doing or determining without taking the future into account

121. Sloth - a dislike of work or any kind of physical exertion

122. Snobbishness - displaying an offensively superior condescending manner

123. Spite - a malicious, usually small-minded desire to harm or humiliate somebody

124. Stingy - not generous in giving or spending money

125. Stubbornness - unreasonably and obstructively determined to persevere or prevail

126. Sulkiness - a sullen moody resentful disposition; in a bad mood and refusing to communicate because of resentment for a real or imagined grievance

127. Sullenness - dourly disposition; showing bad temper or hostility by a refusal to talk, behave sociably, or cooperate cheerfully

128. Tetchiness - oversensitive and easily upset or annoyed

129. Thieving - to steal something, or steal things

130. Thoughtlessness - showing a lack of planning or forethought; showing a lack of consideration for other people or for consequences

131. Treasonous - one willing to betray the allegiance owed by somebody to his or her own country

132. Triteness - one who overuses common phrases or conversation topics and consequently makes them lack in interest or originality

133. Tricky - likely to cheat or outwit somebody

134. Twisted - morally unacceptable; badly affected by unpleasant experiences or constant disappointment

135. Unfaithfulness - engaging in sexual relations with somebody other than a spouse or partner; untrue to commitments, duties, beliefs, or ideals

136. Unloving - not giving or reciprocating affection

137. Untrustworthiness - the trait of not deserving trust or confidence

138. Vainglory - excessive pride in or boastfulness about personal abilities or achievements

139. Vanity - excessive pride, especially in personal appearance

140. Vengeful - having or showing a strong desire for revenge

141. Voracity - unusually eager or enthusiastic about an activity

142. Wastefulness - using resources unwisely

143. Weakness - lack of strength, power, or determination

144. Wildness - overwhelmed by a strong emotion such as anger, grief, or desire; not tame; living or having lived in the wilderness

145. Wrath - strong anger, often with a desire for revenge

146. Zealousness - actively and unreservedly enthusiastic to the point of fervor