1. Ability - a quality that permits or facilitates achievement or accomplishment

2. Acceptance - a disposition to tolerate or accept people or situations

3. Acuity - keenness of hearing, sight, or intellect

4. Affability - good natured, friendly, and easy to talk to

5. Altruism - the quality of unselfish concern for the welfare of others

6. Appreciation - understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something

7. Assiduousness - showing persistent and hard working effort in doing something

8. Assertiveness - aggressive self assurance; given to making bold assertions

9. Attentiveness - the trait of being observant and paying attention

10. Autonomy - immunity from arbitrary exercise of authority; political independence

11. Awareness - the ability to perceive, to feel, or to be conscious of events, objects or patterns

12. Balance - the ability to remain poised; to give equal attention to all things; to be fair

13. Beauty - the qualities that give pleasure to the senses

14. Benevolence - an inclination to do kind or charitable acts

15. Candor - the ability to make judgments free from discrimination or dishonesty

16. Caring - feeling and exhibiting concern and empathy for others

17. Caution - judiciousness in avoiding harm or danger

18. Charity - a kindly and lenient attitude toward people

19. Chastity - abstaining from sexual relations

20. Cleanliness - the habit of keeping free of superficial imperfections

21. Commitment - the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose

22. Compassion - the humane quality of understanding the suffering of others and wanting to do something about it

23. Confidence - freedom from doubt; belief in yourself and your abilities

24. Conscientiousness - the trait of being painstaking and careful

25. Consideration - the process of giving careful thought to something

26. Contentment - happiness with one’s situation in life

27. Cooperativeness - amenability: the trait of working well with others

28. Courage - a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing fear

29. Courteousness - exhibiting politeness and gracious good manners

30. Creativity - a mental and social process involving the generation of new ideas or concepts

31. Curiosity - a state in which you want to learn more about something

32. Daring - courage combined with a willingness to take risks or attempt difficult or unconventional things

33. Dauntlessness - resolute courageousness; not to be daunted or intimidated; fearless; intrepid; bold

34. Dependability - worthy of reliance or trust; consistent in performance or behavior

35. Detachment - cool headed withdrawal; avoiding emotional involvement

36. Determination - the quality of being driven to do or achieve something; firmness of purpose

37. Diligence - conscientiousness in paying proper attention to a task; giving the degree of care required in a given situation

38. Discernment - understanding; the mental ability to discriminate between like things

39. Discretion - knowing how to avoid embarrassment or distress

40. Dutifulness - piety by virtue of devotion; the willingness to be obedient out of a sense of moral obligation and/or respect

41. Empathy - understanding and entering into another’s feelings

42. Encouragement - the expression of approval and support

43. Endurance - the power to withstand hardship or stress

44. Enthusiasm - exuberance; overflowing with eager enjoyment or approval

45. Equanimity - composure; steadiness of mind under stress

46. Equity - conformity to rules or standards

47. Erudite - characterized by great knowledge; learned or scholarly; educated; knowledgeable; wise, sapient

48. Excellence - possessing good qualities in high degree

49. Fairness - ability to make judgments based on predetermined standards with honesty

50. Faithfulness - the quality of being steadfast in affection or allegiance

51. Fastidiousness - the trait of being painstakingly careful about matters of taste or style

52. Fidelity - faithfulness to one’s duties; loyalty

53. Fitness - to be in good physical condition

54. Flexibility - the quality of being adaptable or variable

55. Focus - the concentration of attention or energy on something

56. Foresight - providence by virtue of planning prudently for the future

57. Forgiveness - compassionate feelings that support a willingness to excuse a mistake or offense

58. Fortitude - strength of mind that enables one to endure adversity with courage

59. Friendliness - a feeling of liking for another person; enjoyment in their company; agreeableness

60. Generosity - the trait of being willing to give your money or time

61. Gentleness - acting in a manner that is mild and even tempered

62. Goodness - moral excellence or admirableness

63. Graciousness - full of tact, kindness, and politeness

64. Happiness - state of well being characterized by emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy

65. Health - the state of well being free from disease

66. Helpfulness - friendliness evidence by a kindly and helpful disposition

67. Heroism - remarkable physical or moral courage

68. Honesty - not disposed to cheat or defraud; dependable; to be frank

69. Honor - an objectification of praiseworthiness, respect

70. Hopefulness - aspirant; to wish for or desire something, regardless of the likelihood of its occurrence

71. Hospitality - cordial reception; kindness in welcoming guests or strangers

72. Humility - a disposition to be humble; a lack of false pride

73. Humor - the use of ingenuity or verbal skill or incongruity to evoke laughter

74. Idealism - the quality of believing that things should be pursued to their most perfect form

75. Imagination - the ability to deal resourcefully with unusual problems; the ability to form a mental image of something that is not perceived as real and is not present to the senses

76. Impartiality - an inclination to weigh both views or opinions equally

77. Independence - freedom from control or influence of another or others

78. Industriousness - persevering determination to perform a task

79. Ingenuity - the process of applying ideas to solve problems or meet challenges

80. Innocence - the state of being unsullied by sin or moral wrong; lacking a knowledge of evil

81. Insightfulness - shrewdness shown by keen, deep perception

82. Integrity - moral soundness

83. Intuition - instinctive knowing (without the use of rational processes)

84. Inventiveness - the power of creative imagination; the mental faculty to create something new

85. Judiciousness - showing wisdom, good sense, or discretion, often with the underlying objective of avoiding trouble or waste

86. Justice - using right or fair judgment, especially involved in the determination of rights and the assignment of rewards and punishments

87. Kindness - the quality of being warmhearted and considerate and humane and sympathetic

88. Knowledgeable - thoroughly acquainted through study or experience

89. Lovingness - the ability to feel or show affection

90. Loyalty - to bind oneself completely; allegiance

91. Meekness - the feeling of patient, submissive humbleness

92. Mercy - leniency and compassion shown toward offenders by a person or agency charged with administering justice

93. Meticulousness - taking extreme care with details

94. Moderation - the quality of avoiding extremes and excesses

95. Modesty - freedom from vanity or conceit; formality and propriety of manner

96. Morality - concern for the distinction between good and evil or right and wrong

97. Neatness - having an orderly and clean condition; the state of being neat and trim

98. Nonviolence - rejecting the use of physical violence; passive acceptance of oppression amid the struggle against it

99. Nurturing - the quality of desiring another to grow as a person; motherly

100. Obedience - dutiful or submissive behavior with respect to another person

101. Openness - an attitude of ready accessibility (especially about one’s actions or purposes); to be without concealment; not secretive

102. Optimism - a general disposition to expect the best in all things

103. Patience - good natured tolerance of delay or incompetence

104. Peacefulness - to be in a state that is calm and tranquil

105. Perceptiveness - possessing or showing keen insight and understanding

106. Preciseness - very careful about small details, especially of correct behavior

107. Perseverance - to be persistent; continuing or repeating behavior

108. Persistence - the quality of continuing steadily despite problems or difficulties

109. Perspicacity - intelligence manifested by being astute (as in business dealings); the capacity to assess situations or circumstances shrewdly and to draw sound conclusions

110. Philanthropy - voluntary promotion of human welfare

111. Philomathy - pocessing a strong love of learning

112. Piety - religious devotion or to spirituality; righteousness

113. Potential - to possess the inherent capacity for coming into being

114. Prudence - discretion in practical affairs

115. Punctiliousness - very careful about the conventions of correct behavior and etiquette

116. Purity - to lack sin or dilution

117. Purposefulness - the quality of having meaning through having an aim

118. Prayerfulness - to be devout; to cultivate a relationship with God

119. Refinement - to achieve a highly developed state of perfection; the quality of excellence in thought and manners and taste

120. Reliable - able to be trusted to do what is expected or has been promised

121. Remembrance - the ability to recall past occurrences

122. Respectfulness - courteous regard for people’s feelings; one who feels or manifests veneration

123. Reverence - to have a profound respect for someone or something, almost to the point of fearfulness

124. Resilience - the positive ability to adapt, to rebound, to cope with catastrophic failure or obstacles

125. Responsibility - a form of trustworthiness; the trait of being answerable to someone for something for one’s conduct

126. Restraint - discipline in personal and social activities

127. Righteousness - always behaving according to a religious or moral code

128. Self awareness - awareness of your own individuality

129. Self confidence - belief of one’s own power, judgment, ability, etc.

130. Self discipline - control of oneself; willpower

131. Self reliance - the capacity to rely on one’s own capabilities, and to manage one’s own affairs

132. Self respect - the knowledge of one’s own worth, valuing one’s self

133. Selflessness - the quality of not putting yourself first but being willing to give your time or money or effort etc.

134. Sensitivity - to be aware of an empathetic to the emotions of others

135. Service - an act of help or assistance

136. Sharing - using or enjoying something jointly with others

137. Sincerity - the quality of being open and truthful; not deceitful or hypocritical; earnestness

138. Skillfulness - the learned capacity to carry out pre determined results often with the minimum outlay of time, energy, or both

139. Spirituality - concern with things of the soul, or of gods; reverence

140. Sternness - uncompromising resolution

141. Strength - the property of being physically or mentally strong

142. Sympathy - an inclination to support or be loyal to or to agree with an opinion

143. Tactfulness - the ability to have consideration in dealing with others and avoiding giving offense

144. Temperance - the trait of avoiding excesses

145. Tenacity - to be good at remembering; to be stubbornly unyielding

146. Thankfulness - to be grateful as a positive emotion or attitude toward others in acknowledgment of a benefit on has received or will receive from another

147. Thoroughness - conscientiousness in performing all aspects of a task; attention to detail

148. Thoughtfulness - to possess the ability for calm, lengthy, intent consideration

149. Trustworthiness - someone in whom one can place one’s trust and rest assured that the trust will not be betrayed

150. Truthfulness - honesty, good faith, and sincerity in general; agreement with fact or reality in particular

151. Understanding - the ability to think about and use concepts to deal adequately with an object

152. Unity - an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting

153. Valor - exceptional or heroic courage when facing danger

154. Vivaciousness - exhibiting or characterized by liveliness and high spiritedness

155. Welcoming - providing a warm and friendly environment for guests or strangers

156. Wholesomeness - the quality of being beneficial and generally good

157. Wisdom - accumulated knowledge or erudition or enlightenment

158. Work - the ability to exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity